inbox/README.md, before:

# Howto

Compile

```
truffle compile
```

Migrate onto the blockchain

```
truffle migrate
```

Interact with it

```
truffle console

truffle(development)> let inbox = await Inbox.deployed() 

truffle(development)> inbox.setMessage("aaa")
{
tx: '0x36da5330471b226e15b15449e60c0ad339fc6678bbe5320600d65ddf6feb467d',
receipt: {
transactionHash: '0x36da5330471b226e15b15449e60c0ad339fc6678bbe5320600d65ddf6feb467d',
transactionIndex: 0,
blockNumber: 10,
blockHash: '0xc253374c7258054b0a127eca86a6931e8bb9bd9ce6bebc00d732ea884b493f9d',
from: '0x8aa57460be9d64dbdc8bd0a6cd71d61e0023a4a4',
to: '0x1efead818d92bf49347952d47d62a423fb2b1319',
cumulativeGasUsed: 28050,
gasUsed: 28050,
contractAddress: null,
logs: [],
logsBloom: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
status: true,
effectiveGasPrice: 2770599864,
type: '0x2',
rawLogs: []
},
logs: []
}

truffle(development)> inbox.getMessage()
'aaa'
```

Commit message:

getting working with appimage and sending/receiving cash

inbox/README.md, after:

# Howto

Compile

```
truffle compile
```

Migrate onto the blockchain if running ganache on the command line:

```
truffle migrate
```

If using the appimage. The network name is defined in the `truffle-config.js` file.

```
truffle migrate  --network appimage 
```

Interact with it:

```
truffle console

truffle(development)> let inbox = await Inbox.deployed() 

truffle(development)> inbox.setMessage("aaa")
{
tx: '0x36da5330471b226e15b15449e60c0ad339fc6678bbe5320600d65ddf6feb467d',
receipt: {
transactionHash: '0x36da5330471b226e15b15449e60c0ad339fc6678bbe5320600d65ddf6feb467d',
transactionIndex: 0,
blockNumber: 10,
blockHash: '0xc253374c7258054b0a127eca86a6931e8bb9bd9ce6bebc00d732ea884b493f9d',
from: '0x8aa57460be9d64dbdc8bd0a6cd71d61e0023a4a4',
to: '0x1efead818d92bf49347952d47d62a423fb2b1319',
cumulativeGasUsed: 28050,
gasUsed: 28050,
contractAddress: null,
logs: [],
logsBloom: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000',
status: true,
effectiveGasPrice: 2770599864,
type: '0x2',
rawLogs: []
},
logs: []
}

truffle(development)> inbox.getMessage()
'aaa'
```
